Introduction

Madrid is a big economic city, but also one of main tourism destination in Spain, a tourist country. In this context, our client wants 
to open a restaurant. Since he just came from travelling India and there are not many Indian restaurants in Madrid and they tend to be
concentrated in some areas, he wants to explore the possibility or opening an Indian restaurant in an area with no Indian restaurants or 
as few as possible.

Business problem

There are two main problems to face in such situation:
1.- Build an Indian eating option that is diverse from traditional. Such is a business model issue for which our client has hired a 
professional.
2.- Determine the place where this new offer will be placed. For that we have been hired. We need to determine other Indian offers in 
the area, but also sources of clientele, should it be local (by being near universities, offices, etc) or foreign (by being near tourist 
attractions).

Data

We will need:

a) Madrid's coordinates
b) Madrid's geographical organization, called districts
  https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anexo:Distritos_de_Madrid
c) Madrid's venues usually visited by locals:
  Universities in each district
  Offices in each district
d) Madrid's venues usually visited by foreigners:
  Tourirst venues in each district
e) Indian restaurants in each district

For points c), d) and e) we will try to use Foursquare information.

Methodology

Taking into consideration what said above, I tried to apply all what we have learned in the courses plus some exploration outside. For this,
I first got the information I needed and create the basis dataframe including: name of distritos and coordinates. I showed such information
in a map. In the Foursquare website, I got the category id for Indian Restaurants, so I would be able to get all Indian restaurants already
existing and detect areas with enough offer. At this point I got the "KeyError: 'groups'" and I was not able to fix it. With the same 
function I would have been able to retrieve information on venues for locals and foreigners (as said in the Data Section). Crossing all 
that information, we would be able to complete the business problem 2, our duty. For such end, we could show the results in different maps
(using the same method as we use before with folium).

Results

We got the (KeyError: 'groups') issue, so we could not continue. Nonetheless, I believe the methodology is solid and the result would be two
maps (one for local and one for foreigners) showing geographical areas that represent an opportunity for a new Indian restaurant. Also, with
the coordinates information, we could respond to our client regarding any distance to a venue of reference.

Discussion

I believe the (KeyError: 'groups') issue is not resolved in the course or any of the fora (I have been looking for a solution in the Forum)
but it is only a code error that do not shadows the data science abilities adquired throughout the 9 courses.

Conclusions

This has been a long but satisfying learning path. The aforementioned error does not mean anything else but the need to keep learning and
an incentive to do so.
